#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Experimental design
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ok, so here is the general plan.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I'm going to give a presentation.
 This presentation will be to a group of at least 10 people, and I will
 give one at least six times.
 AAt these presentations, I will have a stack of notecards, each of which
 has different roles on them.
 These rolls will be
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
-paying full attention
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
-sorta paying attention
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
-stop paying attention sometime into the test
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
-pretending to pay attention but actally staring at your phone
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
-just playing computer games in class
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There will be at least twice as many notecards as students, ensuring that
 I don't know how many students are doing what, let alone who is doing what.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I will record when, how accurately, and how long it takes the system to
 tell me who is not paying attention.
 The main data, however, is taken by the system.
 At the end of the course, a class question test will be applied over the
 material.
 This questionare will test understanding, as well as asking what role they
 had, and finally asking how well they liked the system for my own personal
 use.
 This test will also ask how well they understood the presentation, in addition
 to testing that with the class questions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This will produce several datasets that can be compard to rigorous datapoints.
 First, I should be able to chart (Bar graph) how mutch attention they were
 paying vs which role they had, which should tell me how well I am doing.
 Yes, I am aware that some students told to pay attention will in fact not
 pay attention.
 This will be accounted for in the class question quiz.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Another provided data set will be how well the system thinks they understand
 the material vs how well they think they understand the material.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A third is when the computer tells me people arn't paying attention- essentially
, I want to see if I can catch the people who stop paying attention part
 of they way through the presentation.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
